Yooo I finally did it!!!! 
I had no hopes I would be able to make this whole website thing. Last night, I was lying awake with random thoughts running in my mind, when this idea struck me: I have no idea when I will be able to post actual handwritten letters to you, so why not make a webiste that can mimic the same? But I sort of overestimated myself. The first time I did HTML was my last mail to you. So this was an amibitious project for me. Let me know what you think of it:) And any new ideas will be very welcome (I am kind of enjoying making this, despite the tangled codes).

(Wait, can I paste an image in a text file?? Tried: No🥲 Will attach separately)

Namaste is a very nice greeting in itself. Hippity-hoppity, boop, knock-knock is something I would send when I am feeling a little eccentric (I feel eccentric often when I am with friends). The Japanese Food Culture webinar sounds fun! I am curious how people have so much information on things like these. Sadly, I can't attend it :/ I will be at the summer school at that time. 

These days I have been doing a lot of things except studying. My house had become a zoo for a few days cause my little cousin and his parents, and my sister were all here. That boy is a unique character xD, as all little kids are. He is nine years younger to me, and he treats me like I am just a class above him-_-. He is quick with words and doesn't pause before saying "tedhe" remarks to anyone, even his parents. The 3 of us had a delicate peace initally, but then he did some edits to one of my painitngs, which is when we finally had a showdown. (Sending evidence of his crimes)

In midst of all this toofan, my mom wanted to do a pooja since all of us were together after a long while. So for a brief moment we all had a truce to help with the housework a little. But then he had to leave for his Nani's house. Now I sort of miss him :] (Not for long tho, he will be back in a day and we will continue our fight)

That was my life update. Very ideal for someone doing exam prep, right🤐? Compared to this, I get a lot more done in a day at campus. In the 3rd year, the earliest I woke up was 9 am 🥲 I would then attend classes, have lunch and be back at room. I used to study in the library in the 2nd year, and I really liked it. But in last 2 semesters, my room felt more comfortable. But I am thinking of switching back to the library starting next sem, cause I think I study with more focus there. In evenings, I used to go for a walk or chai with my friends. This is what happened during 'normal' days. During days leading up to any major club events, a large part of my day would go into organizing it. It would be accurate to say that my top priorities in third year were the Book Club and my friends. Studies had taken a back seat. But I feel satisfied with it. I would not have it any other way. 

Also, YES! I have tried the NYTimes Games. Tejal introduced me to them, and we use to do the wordle quite regularly (especially sending each other stats during the 9 am classes which were boring) And later on, one of our club members conducted the Connections game with a bookish game at our Literary Circle. It was sooo fun! My favorite game to play with friends is UNO though :D We have so many lores now (some not favourable to me, so wont be revealing🙂‍↔️) Do you play UNO? Do you enjoy it? I tried video games this semester with a senior at the club. I am awful at them, even the Mario games. But it is fun and satisying to watch someone else play them ;) I am also bad at playing games that involves catching stuff. 

That shop with electronic token is mind-blowing! So much better than the blaring buzzers at Ideation. Going to catch a bus without knowing which one is crazier😭 But it is fun if you are doing stuff like this with people your age- such events add a 

Hoping for you to get THE Vada Pav at Mumbai,
Astha

