Hello from Bangalore!!
My first summer school gets over tomorrow, and there are quite a few things to take away from this one. Above and beyond the academic stuff I learnt. Until now, I have thought of this place with awe, and if I ever thought of aiming to study here, it was more out of a feeling of external obligation(?) to try to aim for the best institute in the country. But now, I feel it within me, the desire to come here to study Theoretical CS (Some of us abbreviate it as TCS, different from the Tata TCS). The department has groups for almost all topics in TCS I know of, the faculties have good relations with each other, so they and their students collaborate alot. The institute seems to take good care of its students, THE MESS FOOD IS NICE! The only bad reviews I have heard of are of some older boys' hostels. More than anything, I feel my interest in the subject grow more and more, and I want to study from these professors, cause they are so good at it dude! 

I watched the first episode of Bluelock recently. It's quite interesting! But I can't find where to watch it further for free :( Even on Prime, you need something more than the Prime Subscription to watch it, apparently, and there's no way I am going to buy a subscription for every little platform. 

Another recent revelation has been that maybe my intuition was right, that Prof. Saket (with whom I am doing the internship) is not the right person for me. He is fabulous, no doubt, one of the most renowned people in Parameterized Algorithms in the WORLD, honestly. But we don't tune in well together. I have at times (and even right now) blamed myself for it, that maybe I am an awkward person to talk to, but I have to accept that if it doesn't work, it doesn't. I usually take a lot of time getting really comfortable with people. I was good friends with Tejal when we became roommates, but we truly became close after a whole year of being roommates, similar with my book club friends. Same with another friend from IISER Pune. Awani was someone I hit off with really quickly, the only exceptional case. Actually, strike that, even with her, I actually became vulnerable after some time. What I am trying to say is, I did have good conversations and a lot of fun since the start, but you become close only when you show a little vulnerability to the other person. And it takes time for me to do that.

With Saket, I even struggle with conveying things properly, like I find myself behaving unlike myself, more uncertain, more confused, most importantly, I feel like an impostor. For some reason I don't know of. Maybe I am being stupid. Choosing a PI is not the same as choosing a friend, maybe I should stick with him and learn. But I feel I should find someone with whom I like hanging around, with whom I enjoy learning more from, and choose a more comfortable environment for myself. But maybe I am an idiot.

How are your studies going these days? Anything interesting you read recently? I am planning on taking ALA next sem. Not certain yet.

That sunset is pure ✨ART✨ And the skyline!! I can't imagine how it must feel to be IN those moments. I have at times watched the sunset over the Upper Lake in passing, but that's nothing compared to the photos you shared. Beautiful. 
The weather here in Bangalore is lovely. It's rainy season here already. Apparently, they have rainy season for a large part of the year. The temperature is just right. But I can't go out to look around the city cause the roads are waterlogged in most places outside🥲 Your Alibaug trip sounds fun:) You could also play table tennis when you are back on campus, so that would be a nice sport to learn! It is a gift to have a friend who puts in effort to meet you. 

I watched Threw it on the Ground lmaooo. It's unhinged😂 Andrew Samberg has some other funny stuff, on SNL, I guess. Weird guy, in a funny way. 2 song recs from me this time (cause I am not sure if I recommended one of them already): Dil hi Toh Hai by Arijit Singh, and Paris in the Rain by Lauv. 

Oh, right, I am curious about the backstory of your nickname. I find it cute? I had weird nicknames for unserious reasons by multiple people, some of them so cheesy, they were meant to only tease. One nice one lol: Awani and I had the nicknames Sherlock Sammy and Sherlock Jojo for each other. (Sherlock Sammy is a character from the Diary of a Wimpy Kid, have you read it?) 

Your hair looks really xool! I am soooo jealous of people with curly hair >.< But it must be hard to maintain, isn't it? Have you tied it up in that photo? There are so many ways you could style them now! 

For a very long time, I had this regret and doubt in my mind that I was not made for science at all. That I was made for the Humanities, and I should have been in that field. I have always genuinely enjoyed reading Geography, History, and International Politics (Indian polity not so much) But all this doubt swept away, when I finally started studying Theoretical CS. I am certain this is what I want to study, even if I was not "meant" for this, even if I am not naturally good at it, as I was in Humanities subjects. I am enjoying not knowing everything right now, it makes me curious. 

I HATED physical education (theory) at school. Our school made it a compulsory subject in 11th and 12th, and it single-handedly screwed up my marks. I would have loved to take either Psychology or Hindi in place of it. In college, some chemical engineering courses were literal pain. Chemical Process Calculations and Industries were bad but manageable. Engineering Thermodynamics killed me. 

I am not going to make an Instagram account. I know myself well enough- I give in to temptations easily, so the further I stay from distractions, the better.

Listening to Tabibito No Uta🎧,
Astha
